= reevoomark-java-api

* http://github.com/reevoo/reevoomark-java-api
* http://labs.reevoo.com
* http://mark.reevoo.com
* http://www.reevoo.com

== DESCRIPTION:

The reevoomark-java-api is a Java tag library for certified ReevooMark partners
wanting to quickly and easily integrate Reevoo content into their sites server-
side.  Equivalent server-side tag libraries are available for other programming
languages at the {ReevooMark github repository}[http://github.com/reevoo].

Although this library and the source are provided under an MIT license, use of the 
Reevoo content requires you to be a certified ReevooMark partner.

== FEATURES:

* Server-side inclusion of Reevoo content
* Included CSS for display of Reevoo content
* Server-side caching of content respecting the cache control rules set by Reevoo

== CACHING:

Feel free to take a look at / amend / replace the default caching infrastructure provided.

== SUPPORT:

For certified ReevooMark partners, support can be obtained by mailing [mailto:operations@reevoo.com].

The {bug tracker}[http://github.com/reevoo/reevoomark-java-api/issues]
is available here:

  * http://github.com/reevoo/reevoomark-java-api/issues

== SYNOPSIS:

  # Include the appropriate taglib (see below for INSTALL)
  <%@ taglib prefix="reevoo" uri="http://reevoo.com/java-taglib/v1" %>

  # Display the first two reviews for test retailer REV and test SKU 10
  <reevoo:mark sku="10" trkref="REV" baseURI="http://mark.reevoo.com/reevoomark/first_two_reviews.html" />

  # Display in-line reviews for the retailer JSP and the SKU 5155703
  <reevoo:mark sku="5155703" trkref="JSP" baseURI="http://mark.reevoo.com/reevoomark/en-GB/embeddable_reviews.html" />


== REQUIREMENTS:

* jQuery


== INSTALL:

Download and install the latest version of the reevoomark-java-api taglibrary
[https://github.com/reevoo/reevoomark-java-api/downloads]


== LICENSE:

This software is released under the MIT license.  Only certified ReevooMark partners
are licensed to display Reevoo content on their sites.  Contact [mailto:sales@reevoo.com] for
more information.

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 - 2010:

* {Reevoo}[http://www.reevoo.com]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.